I'm Jeannie. Mr. Miller's assistant. Mr. Miller got drunk last night, so I drove him back, and it was too late, so I stayed in the guest room on the second floor.
So, it's Miss White. I thought Mr. Miller had brought back his wife.
You, Miss White, do you have a boyfriend?
I'm married.
No. You got married. So young.
If only I could see her every day when I wake up.
Mr. Miller? Would you like some spaghetti?
No, thanks.
He's not having it. Then I'll have another ball. I seem to be able to see his abs even now he's dressed up.
Are you sure you can eat two balls?
No, that the auntie has cooked this much. It'd be a waste if we throw them out as one might as well have two balls.
Mr. Miller, would you like to try?
Yeah, why not?
There you go. How is it? I'm not bad at it.
It's perfect.
Mr. Miller, the spaghetti is made by Miss White, actually.
Your husband is so lucky to have you, Miss White, to have married a woman who can cook so well.
That's for sure. The man doesn't even appreciate me. It's his lack of taste.
What's wrong with Mr. Miller?
No idea.